amit q1 faq contribution (#6537)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

#### Why can not we specify infrastructure if "All environments" option is used for multiple environment deployment?
When "All envrionments" option is selected we do not provide infra selection in the pipeline editor. The infra is available to be selected in the run form.

#### How to use all environments and selective infrastructure combination for multiple environment deployment?
For this purpose filtered list should be used. You can specify "Filter on Entities" as Environment in first filter and select "Type" as all. Now for the infrastructure you can add another filter and provide the tag filter.

#### What is the value for provider url and audience for OIDC aws connetor?
Below are the values for this:
```
Provider URL - https://app.harness.io/ng/api/oidc/account/<YOUR_HARNESS_ACCOUNT_ID>
Audience: sts.amazonaws.com
```

#### Can we get the pipeline execution url from the custom trigger api response?
The custom trigger api response containes a generic url for pipeline execution and not the exact pipeline execution. If we need the exact pipeline execution for any specific trigger we need to use the trigger activity page.

> #### Why the user with no permission to environment is able to edit service and infrastructure specific override?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why can a user with no permissions in an environment edit service and infrastructure specific overrides?
```

> The user does not need environment related permission for service and infrastructure specific override but only service edit/create permission. Hence even when they do not have access to a specific environment they will still be able to edit this override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user does not need environment related permissions for service and infrastructure specific overrides but only service edit/create permission. Hence even when they do not have access to a specific environment they will still be able to edit this override.
```

> #### How to get a file from a different source and use it in terraform step during runtime?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How do I get a file from a different source and use it in a terraform step during runtime?
```

> You can have a shell script step in which you fetch the file from your corresponding source and have it stored on the delegate at any specific path and refer that path in your terraform config. You just need to ensure that your plan and apply runs on the same delegate. Below is documentaiton for how you can achieve that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have a shell script step in which you fetch the file from your corresponding source and have it stored on the delegate at any specific path and refer that path in your terraform config. You just need to ensure that your plan and apply runs on the same delegate. Below is documentation for how you can achieve that:
```

https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/run-all-pipeline-steps-in-one-pod/

> #### While copying the curl for list organisation api from apidocs sample the call is successful but retruning no values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is the curl command from the `list organization` apidocs sample returning no values when I use it?
```

> While using curl outside the api documenation we need to remove all the parameters to which we are not passing any value and by default there will be a "string" place holder for reference to pass a string value to the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using curl outside the api documentation we need to remove all the parameters to which we are not passing any value. By default there will be a "string" place holder for parameters.
```

#### How can we automatically create a new service whenever a new service yaml is uploaded to my source repo?
We can create a pipeline with api call for service creation and in that pipeline we can add a trigger to our source repo where service yaml is uploaded. Now whenever there will be a new service yaml the pipeline will get triggered and we can fetch this new service yaml using git cli in the shell step and use the yaml to make the api call for service creation.

> #### How to get fully rendered manifest for kubernetes and helm deployment?
> You can have access to the manifests.yaml or kubernetes-dry-run-manifests.yaml which has the complete rendered manifest using service hooks.
>  
> Below is example of a service hook command, you can add it as a post hook to template or pre hook to wait for steady state:
> 
> ```
>  cp /opt/harness-delegate/repository/k8s/*/manifests-dry-run.yaml /opt/harness-delegate/test.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Duplicate question

#### If there are stages in parallel does the execution wait till all the stage in parallel finish execution?

> If there are multiple stages in the pipeline the execution will not proceed to next sequential stage untill all the execution of stages in that parallel series complete execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are multiple stages in the pipeline the execution will not proceed to next sequential stage until all the execution of stages in that parallel series complete execution.
```

> #### Why my k8 deployment timesout in 10 minutes in wait for steady state while the step timeout is higher? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why does my K8s deployment time out in 10 minutes while in `wait for steady state` when the step timeout is higher? 
```

> This timeout is from kubernetes event check for steady state. Kubernetes listens for the event after the deployment to confirm if the rollout has been success or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This timeout is from the Kubernetes event check for steady state. Kubernetes listens for the event after the deployment to confirm if the rollout has been success or not. 
```

After its own threshold crosses it errors out with the below:
```
deployment spelling-grammar-llm-service-deployment exceeded its progress deadline
```
 

> Hence it is a failure for us also and we are failing the pipeline as soon as kubernetes is throwing the above error. You need will need to check the application log for the pods on why they are not coming up within the specified threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we also consider it a failure and fail the pipeline as soon as Kubernetes throws the above error. You will need to check the application log for the pods on why they are not coming up within the specified threshold.
```

> #### Multiple selection does not work for file path in primary manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why does multiple selection not work for a file path in the primary manifest.
```

> The use of allowed values is to give option for selection list for the values however for multiple selection we only provide option where it is allowed and not where it is restricted , the manifest path for instance. You can also check in the run form, if you create a pipeline runtime variable with allowed values, we will allow you to select multiple value in the run form but the same selection is not allowed for manifest path as there can only be one primary manifest and the use case is not supported for manifest path selection.

Reviewer: this makes no sense to me

> The use of allowed values is to give option for selection list for the values however for multiple selection we only provide option where it is allowed and not where it is restricted , the manifest path for instance. You can also check in the run form, if you create a pipeline runtime variable with allowed values, we will allow you to select multiple value in the run form but the same selection is not allowed for manifest path as there can only be one primary manifest and the use case is not supported for manifest path selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of allowed values allow us to give options for a selection list. However, for multiple selection, we only provide these options for allowed paths (i.e. the manifest path). You can check in the run form: if you create a pipeline runtime variable with allowed values, we will then allow you to select multiple values in te run form. However, the same selection is not allowed for the manifest path because there can only be one primary manifest .
```

> #### What happens to the api tokens post expiration?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What happens to api tokens post expiration?
```

> Any api using the expired token for authentication will start failing. From UI perspective we do clean up of the expired token and they will be automatically purged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any api using the expired token for authentication will start failing. From a UI perspective we clean the expired tokens. They will be automatically purged.
```

> #### How the communication between a delegate and connector happen?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How does the communication between a delegate and connector happen?
```

> Whenever a task is created in harness all the information for executing the task is passed on to the delegate by the manager. So if any task needs to use a connector for establishing any connection , it will use the configuration from the connector and execute the corresponding task for connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a task is created in harness all the information for executing the task is passed on to the delegate by the manager. If any task needs to use a connector for establishing any connection, it will use the configuration from the connector and execute the corresponding task for connection. 
```

 
So we can think of connectors as configuration holder while the actual connection attempt to the end points are performed as tasks by the delegate itself.

> #### How to handle chart dependencies if the dependent chart is in some different repo?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How do I handle chart dependencies if the dependent chart is in a different repo?
```

> If you are adding your dependency chart in some source repo you will have to clone it separately as part of the pre hook on delegate, also in Charts.yaml when you are mentioning the dependency you will need to specify the path of dependency chart where you downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding your dependency chart in a source repo you will have to clone it separately as part of the pre hook on delegate. Also, in Charts.yaml when you are mentioning the dependency you will need to specify the path of dependency chart where you downloaded.
```

As the dependency update is a command run by using helm it will be able to resolve the file path you provide if you have already downloaded the dependency chart.

#### Are the files downloaded as part of service hook cleared after execution?

> The file will not be cleared as they have been downloaded explicitly however you can add another post service hook to remove these files from delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file will not be cleared as they have been downloaded explicitly, however you can add another post service hook to remove these files from delegate.
```

> #### Why the filter option for pipeline executions based on a branch is greyed out?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is the filter option greyed out for pipeline executions based on a branch?
```
